STRING
Description
Description
Offensive abilities aren't always the best approach. Try experimenting with Haunting Scream or Ninja Escape to control the field of battle.
Steady Shot can be charged for a large increase in damage. Engage at distance to maximize your effectiveness when using this ability.
Stinging Shot applies poison damage over time. Use it before engaging enemies to augment close range melee attack damage.
Trap abilities can be placed instantly. Use them either to prepare an ambush or in the thick of combat.
Firebomb Traps are perfect for dealing with large groups of weaker enemies.
Skin of Stone provides a thick armor of rock, boosting your Defense to reduce incoming damage.
Advanced training in Skin of Stone provides a chance to stun attackers.
Iron Thorns damages attackers with a ring of deadly iron spikes.
Iron Thorns proves the best defense is a very sharp poke in the eye. Use it when surrounded to maximize damage done.
Advanced training in Iron Thorns adds a poison effect.
Haunting Scream causes all nearby enemies to flee. Use it to buy some time to heal, or attack fleeing enemies.
Chi Mend provides quick healing in battle, but the energy cost is high.
Chi Prayer massively increases natural health regen for a time. Use just before entering combat for best results.
Ring of Frost provides area damage and slowing effects. An ideal blend of attack and defense.
Further training in Ring of Frost increases range and provides a short period of flame resistance.
Rain of Blows unleashes a flurry of lightning fast attacks.
Rain of Blows is ideal for maximizing damage against stronger enemies, like bosses.
Hungry Cleave cuts a wide arc, doing damage to several enemies and stealing health.
For a Prowess focused character, Hungry Cleave is a very effective means of healing.
Meteor Rain inflicts blast damage over a large area.
Meteor Rain summons a flaming meteor shower, blasting enemies with damage over time.
Shockwave sends a wave of energy outward, damaging enemies and delivering knockback.
Swath of Destruction cuts a path through enemy ranks - gain a better position or close distance.
Swath of Destruction is a great combination of rapid movement and damage.
Ninja Escape instantly teleports to the chosen position.
Combine Ninja Escape with offensive abilities for a great counterattack.
Your maximum health will increase with each level gained. Some items and abilities will raise it temporarily.
Completing a mission will unlock harder difficulties, called "Threat Levels". Higher Threat Levels offer new enemies and greater rewards.
If a mission is at the "Secure" Threat Level, enemies provide less resistance and Karma Shards are easier to collect. XP rewards are reduced, however.
If a mission is at the "Overrun" Threat Level, enemies are most lethal - but the reward is much higher and WANTED enemies more common.
WANTED enemies are elite Yokai with a price on their head. Hunt them down for special rewards, but take care...
Mission too difficult? Try different combinations of abilities, improve your equipment, or revisit old missions to gain XP and level up.
Gems provide varying special properties on equipment - they also determine the color of armor and weapon trails.
Need some extra damage? Try eating some Spicy Sushi!
Press the SHIFT key while attacking to hold your position.
Right-click to use your primary ability or hit hotkeys to quickly use the corresponding ability.
Karma Shards can be used by Akane Hunters as tradable currency or to master new abilities.
Keep an eye on your Health gauge; when it's low - withdraw or fight to the death! 
The game world is separated in to Areas. Each Area presents a different environment style, and introduces new enemies.
Shigemori River borders a deep pine forest and runs alongside the Temple Highroad.
If, for any reason, the mission is failed – you’ll have a chance to continue if you have enough karma shards.
When defeated during a mission, you can use a Revival Prayer item to recover. It's cheaper than paying in Karma on the spot.
Over time, mission Threat Levels will increase. Higher Threat Level means stronger enemies, higher mission rewards and better quality items.
Traditional food and drink items provide passive effects for long durations. 
Bosses use offensive and support abilities to augment regular attacks. Expect a more challenging battle when facing them.
Focus on Fortitude at level up to increase your DEFENSE stat and survive longer in the thick of battle.
Focus on Prowess at level up to increase your POWER stat and deliver greater damage.
Focus on Cunning at level up to increase your SKILL stat and increase the chances of a critical melee strike.
Critical hits do massive damage and often kill enemies in a single blow. Increase your SKILL stat to improve critical hit chance.
Mastering dual wielding will provide greater attack speed, and thus more chances for enchants and elemental properties to trigger on hit.
Mastering two-handed weapons provides a chance to stun enemies on regular melee attacks.
The Order of Akane was formed centuries ago by the Red Girl. Through her bravery, resilience and wit a great demon wolf lord was banished.
Centuries ago, a young girl took up her red cloak and strode bravely into a dark wood. 
A great war raged for many years between the Order and the Yokai. From mountain top to deep below the earth, much blood was spilled by both sides.
The Red Girl gave her life to achieve victory. In doing so, she had closed the earthly gate to hell.
"Akane" refers to a specific type of plant. The roots of this plant, called "Madder" in English, are used to produce a specific red dye. 
The Order is a templar-like group of demon hunters who fight to maintain the balance between humanity and demon-kind.
A young Red Hunter has been dispatched as a scout to ascertain the true threat posed to Yomi Island.
The blood of slain Yokai crystallizes, forming glowing red Karma Shards. 
The power stored within Karma Shards allows Red Hunters to master almost super-human combat techniques.
Not all Yokai are hostile. On the contrary, some are quite harmless - even helpful...
Some wild animals have become corrupted by demonic influence and are very hostile as a result. 
Yomi Island is inhabited by a mixture of the indigenous Ainu, Japanese and a whole bunch of angry Yokai.
